[ominous music playing]
[Geo] When confronted
with a future filled with destruction,
humankind chose to look the other way,
and continued to battle each other.
In the end, the ancient world,
brimming with arrogance,
was obliterated
at the hands of the greatest disaster
humankind had ever seen.
[choir vocalizing intensely]
[Geo] But it was a disaster
they had created themselves.
So perhaps the gods
had passed judgment on the sinful humans.
The few humans who were left were forced
to live in a new, horrific world
surrounded by evil demons.
Everything they knew had changed.
Yes, you heard me right.
The world is filled
with frightening mysteries
that are beyond our darkest imagination.
Furthermore, one of the most terrifying
of those mysteries is the undead.
I'm talking about the one
who immortalized himself
using his tremendous magic power
and the secret arts.
He has transcended all humans.
I never would have imagined
that such a powerful magic,
one that could help a human survive
the battle of life and death
with his most fearsome natural enemies,
could then turn a human being
into a raging monster
as terrifying as him.
-[soldier] The darkness! The darkness is…
-[villagers screaming]
[man screaming]
[Geo] Atonement.
Should we believe this is God's plan?
[demon roaring]
[demon] Humans are such frail,
weak creatures.
Stop trying to resist.
You must obey.
Then you will become the flesh of my soul
and shall have eternal life,
together with Lich, the Eddie!
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[priest shuddering] We're done for!
With a monster like him
attacking us, we're all doomed!
The people and everything
are rotting to death!
It's just like what happened
to De Purple Castle 50 years ago!
I've heard of the castle,
but I don't know what happened there.
You already know that
the four royal families on this continent
are related to each other, right?
[hard rock music playing]
[Geo] If you trace back their bloodlines,
they all originated
from the De Purple royal family.
The Kingdom of De Purple
was a rich country,
blessed with plentiful water
and fertile lands,
as well as mild weather.
However, the kingdom became
a rotting wasteland overnight
where not even
a single blade of grass would grow.
How in the world did that happen?
It was him.
One day, Lich appeared
with a dark cloud of gas
that makes the lands rot,
and then he attacked
the Kingdom of De Purple.
[Yoko groaning]
[Geo] According to the records,
there were four people
who chose to become Eddies
using the Become Undead
immortalization spell.
Now each of them have their own dungeon
on this continent.
All four of them
were powerful priests and magicians.
The people feared and hated them
for working with negative magic.
But, despite the evil
they were believed to be conjuring,
they were not considered enemies
with the humans at the time.
And then, 50 years ago,
there was a reckless fool who insisted
on experimenting with the Megadeath spell
in one of the dungeons.
[gasping] I don't believe it.
M-Megadeath?
Could it be?
[Dark Schneider] Dammit!
[deep rumbling]
[intense music playing]
[groaning] There's no end
to these suckers!
I'm gonna make them pay
for releasing all these monsters.
It appears they've got us surrounded.
What's the plan, Dark Schneider?
[scoffing] The plan is to win!
And I'll bring whatever it takes!
I'm gonna try out the ancient spell
I'm still decrypting.
[gasping] What?
Kall! Abigail! Focus the rest
of your magic on the barrier!
[Abigail] Understood.
[growling]
What are you, crazy? It's too dangerous!
Dark Schneider, stop this at once!
Let's do this!
[Yoko] As crazy as it sounds,
I can picture it so clearly.
Like I was there.
[Geo] However,
with an undead as powerful as Lich
leading the Dark Rebel Army
in their attack,
there's no way to escape
that rotting dark cloud of gas.
[man shuddering] The gas cloud is coming!
[man 2] It's over!
[villagers screaming]
[Lich cackling]
[Lich] Huh?
What is this? Wall of Flames.
So they put up a barrier in advance
to block their enemies from invading.
[villagers shuddering]
[man] It's working. The flame wall
is blocking the dark cloud of gas!
Oh, I understand now.
That filthy skeleton man is perfect.
He's just a stand-in
they sent here to destroy us.
Abigail must be loving this.
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
Something's not right
with this Wall of Flames.
Darsh's magic, what could it be?
[tense music playing]
Darsh, hold on.
I think there's something wrong.
[Dark Schneider] Hmm?
Supposedly, Eddies are some of the most
powerful monsters among the undead.
Their intelligence
far surpasses a humans.
So why did that Eddie respond to Abigail?
And why is he obeying him?
[Gara] Hmm.
[Dark Schneider] What's the problem?
If he's the same Eddie who destroyed
the Kingdom of De Purple,
then the answer's simple.
What are you talking about?
Because all those years ago
I did experiments
with the Megadeath spell in his dungeon.
What the hell?
Are you saying the Kingdom of De Purple
fell 50 years ago because of you?
[Dark Schneider cackling]
Well, I can't say for sure,
but it might've been my fault.
You truly are a demon!
Yes, and a good one at that.
But that guy's a cupcake.
And I'm in the best shape
of my life right now.
He won't know which way is up
when I'm done with him.
But, Darsh, don't you remember
what that necromancer said to you
right before he died?
The next undead, the one that's coming,
you won't be able to beat him!
[Doshi cackling]
Better be careful, Dark Schneider!
[scoffing] You're always the one
to worry about things.
Just relax.
-Trust me.
-[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes moaning]
[Dark Schneider] You're right, Arshes.
It is true
that Eddies are resistant to magic,
and that normal swords
don't work against them.
So, the only way to defeat him
is by using an attack spell
that's even stronger
than his magic defense.
[Arshes moaning loudly]
But still, I can't help but worry.
The three demonic treasures
are so powerful.
Arshes.
Even when the world disagrees with me
it makes no difference
because I'm still always right.
And do you know why?
Well because
I'm an extremely handsome hero.
And this handsome hero
is completely different
from that big world of normal humans.
-[Dark Schneider grunting, moaning]
-[Arshes moaning]
[Dark Schneider] The handsome hero
can't be constrained by anything.
No matter how tough the situation,
he will never lose. [chuckling]
You're such an idiot.
You've gotta trust whatever I say.
I'm too handsome to lie.
[Arshes] He still thinks he's unbeatable.
He's so arrogant and overconfident.
It makes me worry that one day
he'll meet his match, and I'll lose him.
[dramatic music playing]
The truth is, I don't care
what happens to the world.
All I want is to be with Darsh.
No matter what he thinks of me,
I'll love him for the rest of my life.
[Gara] Hmm.
[Arshes] There's only place
I belong in life, and that's with Darsh.
But if Darsh really falls in love
with that other woman,
what's going to happen to me?
How can I exist without Darsh?
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
He got through the Wall of Flames?
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Lich] Hmm.
[cackling]
It feels like ages
since we saw each other.
You're looking good, Dark Schneider.
[chuckling]
Wish I could say the same.
You've lost so much weight
your bones are showing.
How did he get through the Wall of Flames?
I thought undead monsters
would be destroyed by fire.
And look at that icy aura around him.
This is no ordinary monster.
Just one glance
from a human would be enough
to put their life in danger.
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
You filthy, rotten monster!
You just don't know when to quit, do you?
Well, at least you had the balls
to face me in person,
but a dirty, shitty guy like you
challenging a beautiful, saintly,
handsome guy like me,
I don't know
what the hell you're thinking!
That takes a boat load of stupidity.
Now I'm gonna have to punish you
with extreme prejudice!
[Gara] What are you doing?
You're gonna piss him off.
[Gara gasping]
[Lich] Dark Schneider,
you've got such powerful magic,
but you're still just a simple human.
Do you really think
I came all the way here
just to get back at you
for a grudge from 50 years ago?
[chuckling] So you're saying it's not true
then, you shriveled up asshole?
I thought you came here
because you figured
you finally had the muscle it would take
to beat me.
[cackling]
[Gara] Stop making fun of him!
You're only making things worse!
-[Lich grunting] Fool!
-[Dark Schneider grunting]
If you don't want to die,
get out of the way!
-[hard rock music playing]
-[all gasping]
[Gara] What… what are those?
The aura those things
are emitting is so heavy.
Did he summon some ghosts or wraiths?
I warned you not to make him mad!
I'm not afraid of this guy.
A butt-ugly joe like you isn't supposed
to do that to a sophisticated guy like me.
You have made two unforgivable mistakes,
and now you'll have to pay.
The first was you tried
to sneak around the handsome hero.
[Lich grunting]
And that's the second one!
It drives me crazy
how you go "Hmph" all the time!
You are so annoying I just wanna
squish you like a little insect!
Hmph. Yep, that's it!
It's how you go "Hmph" like that,
sneering in "holier than thou" contempt!
Listen, Lich! That "Hmph"?
Only elegant, intelligent,
and capable people chosen by the gods
are allowed to do that!
That means me!
[Gara] We're so screwed!
Go, Darsh!
[Lich] Hmm.
I do not understand.
How could a lowly human like you
be in command
of such an enormous dark power?
Well, no matter.
First, I must take possession
of the article Abigail promised me.
If you will not get out of my way,
you must die.
Cyco, cyco, know your worth!
No! That's a decay spell!
[Lich] Fall, decay, return to earth!
Suicidal Tendencies!
Darsh, no!
[Gara groaning]
[Arshes' breath shuddering]
Darsh!
[Lich cackling]
[Lich] Humans aren't strong, after all.
Hmm?
Hold on.
You heard what I said.
I'm not letting you through!
And if you wanna talk to me,
the handsome hero,
it's time you started showing
some manners.
-[hard rock music playing]
-[Lich] So you're not dead?
I knew that Dark Schneider
wouldn't let us lose the kingdom!
Remember, it's Dark Schneider.
It's still too early to relax!
[Yoko gasping]
What?
[Lars exclaiming]
[Arshes grunting]
Gara, do you feel that?
Feel what?
Something's wrong.
I feel strange.
Is it your period?
No! That's not it, you jerk!
I can feel their magic losing power.
Are you saying it's both of them?
I'm positive it's both.
His power just now,
It's less than half of what it was
when he destroyed the castle wall.
You sure? What about Darsh?
Him as well.
And Darsh's flame wall,
it's only half as high
as it was at the beginning.
It's almost as if…
Darsh! You have to be careful!
Something's wrong!
[groaning] Not this again. I'm fine!
You're always worrying.
I can take this clown.
[Arshes grunting]
Dark Schneider, listen up!
Why don't you use
that amazing spell of yours? Remember?
The one you used the other day!
All right!
You idiot!
[Dark Schneider] Uh,
maybe I shouldn't use it.
That spell's too powerful.
[Arshes gasping]
[Gara chuckling]
Oh, sorry, that's right.
I guess you did get yelled at
for using it.
Hey! What are you talking about?
Yoko's not my boss!
That's not why.
I'm not gonna use Black Sabbath Dawning
because I…
I just now decided
it's not what I wanna do right now.
I was gonna do something else.
And I'm not scared of Yoko!
You want me to go get her?
[Dark Schneider] Shut up!
[Arshes gasping]
Now,
I have a spell that's all for you!
[hard rock music playing]
[Dark Schneider] Vengeance!
[Lich] Elel Namu Raibin!
Divine Spirit, be my shield!
Stryper!
No way!
[both gasping]
[Lich cackling]
Now I've rendered
all of your spell's useless.
Oh, no! Lich was originally a bishop.
As a priest,
it wouldn't be unusual for him
to have been granted
ultimate magic defense spells!
[priests screaming]
Excuse me.
You do realize
that the barrier you created
is gonna block your own spells too?
And without your magic,
you're just a shriveled up, old geezer.
[Lich cackling]
I wouldn't be so sure of that.
Satan Ring!
Surprise!
[Dark Schneider] What?
[Arshes] Isn't that…?
The third demonic treasure!
[Lich cackling]
[Lich] It's one of the most powerful
magic items in the world!
Anyone who practices magic
has dreams of possessing it.
I don't mind lending my skills in battle
to assist the lowly humans,
as long as there is sufficient reward
to make it worth my time.
Gillian Ian!
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Lich] Feel the power of this ring.
Marvel at this most demonic treasure.
Witness it with your own death!
[Dark Schneider grunting, straining]
Wah ko! Celestial flight! Raven!
[Dark Schneider grunting]
I don't have enough power!
Darsh, no!
[Gara] Dark Schneider!
[Dark Schneider]
Stay back! You'll get sucked in!
[Lich cackling]
[Lich] Frail human!
Puny weakling!
Such a disappointment!
It turned out you're no match for me!
[Head Priest] What's going on?
[priest] They're fighting again.
And now everything's
getting sucked into that black hole!
[Geo] How is this happening?
Did the Satan Ring create
that super-compact ball of gravity?
When Lich created
an absolute magic defense barrier
that could block all magic spells,
he must have known
it would block his own spells too.
However, he found a way around it.
So, ultimately, that was his plan
for defeating Dark Schneider!
So that would mean we have all three
of the legendary demonic treasures.
The Demon Mail and the Devil Mace,
and the Satan Ring,
all gathered here in Meta-llicana!
[Yoko gasping]
[Lars exclaiming]
[Lars] Something's wrong.
Normally, in order for a gravity ball
that strong to stabilize in normal space,
it requires a tremendous amount
of magic power.
Is it possible that ring
could retain so much power?
I sense a huge stream of magic
flowing in from somewhere else.
[Geo groaning]
[Lars exclaiming]
[Yoko] Father!
What's happening?
I can feel all the magic
and spiritual power leaving my body.
I'm feeling weaker and weaker.
Could this be the second unknown power
of the Devil Mace taking effect?
[Yoko gasping]
[Lars exclaiming]
[Yoko] Something's wrong.
I feel the evil is very close.
[heart beating]
[Yoko] The underground storehouse?
Where are you going? Yoko, come back!
[Lars exclaiming]
[Geo groaning]
-[Yoko panting]
-[Geo] Yoko!
[Lich cackling]
[Lich] You pathetic humans disappoint me.
Well, I enjoy watching you struggle
against the overwhelming power
of the ring!
[Dark Schneider straining]
-[Dark Schneider yelling]
-[both gasping]
Disappear into the depths
of another dimension!
[Dark Schneider] Whoa!
Hang on!
What are you doing? Nei!
Darsh!
[Dark Schneider gasping]
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Arshes straining]
Arshes, you idiot!
[Arshes groaning]
Let me go! You're gonna get sucked
into the black hole too!
No!
It doesn't matter!
I'm not going to let you go!
Even if it means that I die too!
Arshes!
[Arshes crying]
I won't let you leave me alone again!
Arsh…
[dramatic music playing]
[Gara groaning]
[Gara] Come on. Figure this out,
or you're both gonna get sucked in!
[Lich] If you use her body
to climb back to solid ground,
you can save yourself.
But do you understand the consequences?
It would mean you would give up hope
of ever defeating me.
You've transformed into a frail creature
preoccupied with emotions and love.
In other words, a human.
By becoming an Eddie,
I abandoned all such weakness.
There's no way that I, Lich,
the transcendent Eddie,
would ever fall to you.
You are hopelessly stuck being a human.
[Lich cackling]
[Dark Schneider] All that power
and you're still clueless,
you confused asshole!
Darsh!
[Dark Schneider]
This human is gonna take you down!
[Gara] What? [groaning]
And I'm gonna enjoy it as I watch you fry!
Darsh, no!
Nei!
[Gara screaming, groaning]
[Gara] You're such an idiot!
[Arshes] No!
[ending theme song playing]
Dark Schneider!
Nei!
[song fades]
What… what's this?
[Yoko gasping]
-[Abigail] Hmm.
-[Yoko gasping]
[Abigail]
Something very unusual is taking place.
The Devil Mace
is capable of stealing power
from those who possess
the most powerful magic.
But instead, the Devil Mace
has been sucking up all the life force
from the people of Meta-llicana
and then being sent
to strengthen the Satan Ring,
beautiful girl.
[Yoko's breath shuddering]
[Yoko] Who… who are you?
[ominous music playing]
[Lars gasping]
[Lars] I know you.
You're one of the Four Divine Kings
from the Dark Rebel Army.
The Prophet of Hell, Abigail!
[music fades]